Include calcom user installation to docs (#1506)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/Calcom.md

# Accept Bitcoin payment for your Cal.com bookings

> You can now accept Bitcoin payment for all your Calcom bookings and appointments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now accept Bitcoin payment for all your [Cal.com](https://cal.com/) bookings and appointments. 
```

> Whether you're offering consultation services or one-on-one meetings, receive Bitcoin payments today directly in your wallet—no middlemen, no platform fees, and no hidden costs.

Reviewer: em dash screams chatgpt, I personally avoid using it.
```suggestion
Whether you're offering consultation services or one-on-one meetings, receive Bitcoin payments directly to your wallet - no middlemen, no platform fees, and no hidden costs.
```

## Prerequisites:

Before diving into the setup process, ensure you have the following:

- [Cal.com account](https://cal.com/)

> - BTCPay Server - [self-hosted](Deployment.md) or run by a [third-party host](/Deployment/ThirdPartyHosting.md) * v2.0.6 or later.

Reviewer: Any particular reason why 2.0.6 is a minimum a requirement?

- [Created BTCPay Server store](CreateStore.md) with [wallet set up](WalletSetup.md)

## Set up Cal.com with BTCPay Server

> Login to your cal.com account. Navigate to `Apps` > `App store` > `Payments apps`

Reviewer: Let's ensure consistency and naming of external brands according to their brand guidelines.
```suggestion
Login to your Cal.com account. Navigate to `Apps` > `App store` > `Payments apps`
```

> Find the `BTCPayServer` app, click `details`, and then `install app` button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find the `BTCPayServer` app, click `Details`, and then `Install App` button
```

![Cal.com: image 1](./img/calcom/1_app_install_details.png)

Select the application you want to connect your BTCPay Server instance to

![Cal.com: image 2](./img/calcom/2_installation_step_one.png)

The next step is to fill in your BTCPay credentials. Open your BTCPay Server instance on a new tab

**BTCPay Server URL**: your BTCPay instance url e.g. https://example.btcpay.com

> **BTCPay Store Id**: The store you want connected to cal.com. On your BTCPay server instance, select the chosen store, click on `Settings` on the left navigation, then you’d see your storeId displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BTCPay Store Id**: The store you want connected to Cal.com. On your BTCPay server instance, select the chosen store, click on `Settings` on the left navigation, then you’d see your Store Id displayed.
```

> Copy the storeId, and fill in your cal.com - BTCPay server installation form

Reviewer: Pay attention to naming consistency. For example, Store Id should be refered to how it appears in the UI for the user.
```suggestion
Copy the Store Id, and fill in your Cal.com - BTCPay Server installation form
```

**API Key**: In your BTCPay, go to `Account` > `Manage Account` > `API Keys`

Create a new API key by clicking on `Generate Key`. Give it a name under the label field e.g. BTCPay-Calcom.

For permissions check the follow:
- View Invoice (btcpay.store.canviewinvoices)
- Create Invoice (btcpay.store.cancreateinvoice)
- Modify store webhook (btcpay.store.webhooks.canmodifywebhooks)

> Once done click save. Copy the API key and complete the form in cal.com installation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once done click `Save`. Copy the API key and complete the form in cal.com installation.
```

Now that you have all three fields filled, click on connect button to complete installation. Once all fields are validated,
your keys should be saved and you'd be redirected back to Cal.com page.

> **N.B:** This installation process creates a webhook in your BTCPay Server.

Reviewer: What does N.B. stand for?

Author: "Please Note.":

Just to inform them that a  webhook would be created along the process..

Author: Alright.

![Cal.com: image 3](./img/calcom/3_installation_step_two.png)

![Cal.com: image 4](./img/calcom/4_btcpay_apikey.png)

## Demo 

> In your event type page, select and edit any booking.

Reviewer: One enabled is it applicable for all bookings, or is it per booking, kinda weird to start with edit booking,  perhaps you can clarify here what it affects and how it works then showcase.
